Because we also noticed that China seems to be trying to address the issue with both the demand side and supply side.
On the demand side, its pivot towards stimulating consumption might be one way.
Also start to talk about sector-specific measures in order to cut the capacity.
And as you said, it may be restrict the export.
Does the outbound of the Iraq investment also play a role?
I think outbound direct investment is very much encouraged by the rest of the world,
well, with the exception of countries that don't welcome Chinese money, which is, I think, is not not smart.
But, you know, that's the fact.
If you look at around the developing world, actually, in the world today, there's a massive deficit in investment.
Agri-investment in the world is down, especially to developing countries.
And some countries needs to fill that gap.
I think China is very just doing so by not only investing, but maybe bringing some of its technology,
but it really need to obviously help the local economy build its own economy on its own feet.